you can't really just pop a book and
make it a TV series well it took me
seven years to tell the story it's kind
of hard to summarize it I believe it
will translate really well that's
probably the paramount challenge I think
what we're bringing to the screen is a
faithful adaptation of the books people
love but it's just plus it's just more
to get that time right until you give
the fans what they want is quite a
daunting challenge it's an honor it's
been the most difficult thing I've ever
been part of
I think it's a huge challenge and Philip
has created such a unique world and such
a complicated world which means it's
definitely has to be like dramatized in
some way but it's very hard to do when I
heard that they were going to turn any
TV series I got very excited as a fan
I've never really seen myself as a lot
of as well given what intently to
read-throughs like right I'm Lord Asriel
smashing it and I've been loving it was
clumsy under it my certainly wasn't
nerve-racking I was like oh my god so
many people so it's very very
nerve-wracking thinking that you've got
to live up to everyone's role model His
Dark Materials is one of my favorite
book series of all time they told me
we're doing a series on his dark
interior which I believe is what the
material deserves it's such a rich world
so I was I was in from that onward and
I'm thrilled to be here to play Lee
scores being be the American on set he
scores be aranaut for higher I read the
books when they came out in the late
1990s and I really felt that this
material was something I wanted to make
I would every now and again reach out to
Philips agent then to new line and keep
pitching for why I felt these books
should be adapted for television I mean
to say I circled like a shark makes me
sound more aggressive I think I probably
just waited on the porch like a really
loyal and faithful puppy they've been
various attempt to make adaptations of
this story in all sorts of different
media I was always attracted to the idea
of long-form television as we now call
it because it does give the opportunity
to tell a long story in full when it was
announced that we had the rights to his
dart materials
Jack put his hand in the air really
early on and just said that he really
wanted to do it and he what's more he
really wanted to write all of the eight
episodes most shows of this scale you've
got a writers room you've got a lot of
people breaking the episodes we were
like on the Aaron Sorkin model or Jack
thorne it's like writing every script I
want to be 100% true to the original I
am a fan of these books and I want
people who are a fan of these books to
feel pleased with this adaptation
because they're wonderful beautiful
books difficult in a much more passive
form of entertainment like TV or film
where you are sitting being fed you only
get to see what we show you and you
don't have time to let your imagination
ruminate and our sentence really kind of
roll around in your mouth or in your own
mind you don't me the next thing and if
you don't keep up you've lost it you
know who will stand against me
funny the counter is so exciting and
interesting and bold and colorful and so
many things to explore with her that
really excited me but yes there's a huge
fan base and she has a huge following
and people love her and despise their
own equal measure it's a tremendous
honor to be given the opportunity to
adapt books this beautiful
[Music]
you